README.md, before:

# ab-utils: A melange of utilities written in modern C++

## Motivation
As a C++ software engineer, I am always on the look out for new language features that can be incorporated in my day to day coding but I am often lost in the plethora of new features that the language has to offer. This resulted in the birth of `ab-utils`, which is a playground for me to exercise modern C++ techniques, best practices, new features that I come across the internet. I intend to build this repository as a storing center for all things C++ that I find relevant and useful.


## Contents
- [idioms](###Idioms)
- [snippets](###Snippets)
- [stl](###STL)
- [tools](#Tools)


### Idioms

Collection of popular C++ idioms written in modern C++.

1. PIMPL
2. CRTP (Curiously Recurring Template Pattern)

### Snippets

Storing ground for reusable code snippets which demonstrate niche techniques, better performance etc.

Markup :
1. Stream Iterators
2. String View
3. Threads
4. Async
   1. boost-async-tcp-client-server
5. Generic
   1. Generic header only printer library

### STL
This section contains all things STL, from custom containers to STL algortihm utilities.


### Tools
Collection of C++ tools that I am developing.

##### File watcher
A tool that monitors the status of a file ( using std::filesystem )

##### Commandline parser
A command line parser demonstrating the use of std::variant

##### PGN library
A portable game notation parser/validator

### Author
bigillu (Abhimanyu Selvan) is the primary author and maintainer of this repository.

Commit message:

Moved design patterns to seperate dir | Update README.md

README.md, after:

# ab-utils: A melange of utilities written in modern C++

## Motivation
As a C++ software engineer, I am always on the look out for new language features that can be incorporated in my day to day coding but I am often lost in the plethora of new features that the language has to offer. This resulted in the birth of `ab-utils`, which is a playground for me to exercise modern C++ techniques, best practices, new features that I come across the internet. I intend to build this repository as a storing center for all things C++ that I find relevant and useful.


## Contents
- [idioms](###Idioms)
- [snippets](###Snippets)
- [stl](###STL)
- [tools](#Tools)


### Idioms

Collection of popular C++ idioms written in modern C++.

1. PIMPL
2. CRTP (Curiously Recurring Template Pattern)

### Design Patterns

Collection of popular C++ design patterns written in modern C++.

1. Singleton
2. Builder

### Snippets

Storing ground for reusable code snippets which demonstrate niche techniques, better performance etc.

Markup :
1. Stream Iterators
2. String View
3. Threads
4. Async
   1. boost-async-tcp-client-server
5. Generic
   1. Generic header only printer library

### STL
This section contains all things STL, from custom containers to STL algortihm utilities.


### Tools
Collection of C++ tools that I am developing.

##### File watcher
A tool that monitors the status of a file ( using std::filesystem )

##### Commandline parser
A command line parser demonstrating the use of std::variant

##### PGN library
A portable game notation parser/validator

### Author
bigillu (Abhimanyu Selvan) is the primary author and maintainer of this repository.
